docs(css): Add pages for font-synthesis longhand properties (#27413)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/font-synthesis-small-caps/index.md

---
title: font-synthesis-small-caps
slug: Web/CSS/font-synthesis-small-caps
page-type: css-property
browser-compat: css.properties.font-synthesis-small-caps
---

{{CSSRef}}

> The **`font-synthesis-small-caps`** [CSS](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS) property lets you specify whether or not the browser may synthesize small-caps typeface when it is missing in a font family.

Reviewer: side note, is font synthesis a good candidate for a Glossary entry? It might be nice to have a para that describes what it does and why it's needed. I was initially thinking on `files/en-us/web/css/font-synthesis/index.md` but this is the shorthand, right?

> The **`font-synthesis-small-caps`** [CSS](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS) property lets you specify whether or not the browser may synthesize small-caps typeface when it is missing in a font family.

Author: > maybe we can add a sentence to describe what a small-caps typeface is

Done. Picked from [font-variant-caps](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/font-variant-caps#values).

> is font synthesis a good candidate for a Glossary entry?

Not sure, it would really be a repetition of the text in the intro and description in the `font-synthesis` shorthand page. I've updated the intro of `font-synthesis` slightly. Hope that helps.

> The **`font-synthesis-small-caps`** [CSS](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS) property lets you specify whether or not the browser may synthesize small-caps typeface when it is missing in a font family.

Reviewer: Thank you!

> It is often convenient to use the shorthand property {{cssxref("font-synthesis")}} to control all typeface synthesis in one go.

Reviewer: minor one
```suggestion
It is often convenient to use the shorthand property {{cssxref("font-synthesis")}} to control all typeface synthesis values.
```
